SDK LICENSE AGREEMENT

BY INSTALLING, ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE SDK (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU, OR THE COMPANY YOU REPRESENT, (&quot;YOU&quot; OR &quot;LICENSEE&quot;) ARE ENTERING INTO A LEGAL AGREEMENT WITH [SAFECHARGE LIMITED]. AND ITS AFFILIATES (&quot;COMPANY&quot;), AND HAVE UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO COMPLY WITH, AND BE LEGALLY BOUND BY, THIS AGREEMENT. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS OR REQUIREMENTS UNDER ANY LAWS OR REGULATIONS IN ANY JURISDICTION WHICH REQUIRE AN ORIGINAL (NON-ELECTRONIC) SIGNATURE OR DELIVERY OR RETENTION OF NON-ELECTRONIC RECORDS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

1. Definitions. The following capitalized terms shall have the following meaning: (1) &quot;Feedback&quot; means suggestions, comments or feedback (whether orally or in writing) with respect to the SDK; (i) &quot;Intellectual Property Rights&quot; means all intangible legal rights, titles and interests evidenced by or embodied in all: (i) inventions (regardless of patentability and whether or not reduced to practice), improvements thereto, patents, patent applications, patent disclosures, together with all reissuances, continuations, continuations in part, revisions and extensions thereof; (ii) any work of authorship, regardless of copyrightable, copyrightable works, copyrights (including moral rights), and applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith; (iii) trade secrets and non-public information, in each case on a worldwide basis; (3) &quot;License&quot; means the right to use the SDK pursuant to Section ‎2 to this Agreement; and (4) &quot;SDK&quot; means the Company&#39;s software development kit software in object or source code version, including any updates and upgrade thereto.
2. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to use the SDK solely for the purpose of scanning a card in order to fill in the card information in the payment page and process transactions via the Nuvei systems. You may not (1) sell, lease, rent or sublicense the SDK or charge any person or entity any fee to access or use the SDK, other than as set forth in the applicable Open Source Licenses (as defined below), (2) circumvent any technical or licensing restrictions of Company&#39;s products, (3) upload or otherwise transmit any material or information containing software viruses or other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware, (4) use the SDK to invade the privacy of any person or otherwise violate any law or regulations. This Agreement shall continue as long as You are in compliance with the terms specified herein.
3. Open Source Licenses. The SDK includes certain open source code software and materials (The free/open source software licenses can be found in the Acknowledgment.md file (Add link)) (&quot;Open Source Software&quot;) that are subject to their respective open source licenses (&quot;Open Source Licenses&quot;). Such Open Source Licenses contain a list of conditions with respect to warranty, copyright policy and other provisions. By executing this Agreement, You undertake to strictly comply with the terms and condition of the Open Source Licenses, as may be amended from time to time. In order to comply with the Open Source Licenses, You shall read the respective licenses or notices, such list of Open Source Licenses may be amended from time to time by Company, at its sole discretion. In the event of any inconsistencies or conflicting provisions between the provisions of the Open Source Licenses and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of the Open Source Licenses shall prevail with respect to the Open Source Software only. Any Open Source Software is provided on an &quot;AS IS&quot; basis, without indemnity or warranty of any kind, whether express or implied.
4. Intellectual Property Rights. The SDK (excluding any Open Source Software therein which is owned by its respective licensors) and/or any copies thereof, as well as any updates or upgrades thereto, shall remain Company&#39; sole and exclusive property. All Intellectual Property Rights evidenced by or embodied in and/or attached/connected/related to the SDK, or part thereof, are and shall be owned solely and exclusively by Company. It is further agreed that to the extent Licensee provides Company with Feedback, Licensee acknowledges that any and all rights, including Intellectual Property Rights in such Feedback shall belong exclusively to Company. You will reproduce all of Company&#39;s and its licensors&#39; copyright notices and any other proprietary rights notices on all copies or versions of the SDK that You make hereunder (subject to the terms of this Agreement).
5. EXCLUSIONS. AS BETWEEN LICENSEE AND COMPANY, THE SDK IS PROVIDED ON AN &quot;AS IS&quot; AND &quot;AS AVAILABLE&quot; BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR INTENDED OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, THAT THE SDK WILL MEET LICENSEE&#39;S REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS OR WILL ACHIEVE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, so to that extent such exclusions may not apply. Company does not provide technical or other support for the SDK under this Agreement and shall not have any liability for any use or inability to use the SDK or any errors in the use or as a result of the use of the SDK including without limitations, errors causing corruption of data, loss of data.
6. Indemnification and Limitation of Liability. You agree that Company shall have no liability whatsoever for any use made of the SDK by You or any third party. You hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Company and its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, agents and employees from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including attorney&#39;s fees) arising from claims related to Your use of the SDK as well as from Your failure to comply with this Agreement. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL COMPANY AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, BUSINESS OR REPUTATION, THAT ARISES UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, OR THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SDK. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS SHALL APPLY: (I) EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES; AND (II) REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS OR THEORY OF LIABILITY.
7. Miscellaneous. Licensee agrees to comply fully with all U.S., EU, and all other applicable export laws and regulations to ensure that neither the SDK nor any technical data related thereto are exported or re-exported directly or indirectly in violation of, or used for any purposes prohibited by, such laws and regulations. This Agreement represents the complete agreement concerning the SDK between You and Company and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between You and Company. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by Company. Company expressly reserves the right to assign this Agreement and to delegate any of its obligations hereunder. This Agreement are governed by and construed under the laws of England and Wales, excluding its conflicts of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be the courts located in London, England, and You further agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.

V2.2 – December 2020
